CONTRIBUTING.md & README.md starting points (#4)
zatech/zatech.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Introduction

> Thanks for taking an interest in contributing to the ZATech Wiki! For starters, make sure you're already familar with the group's [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/zatech/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for taking an interest in contributing to the ZA Tech Wiki! For starters, make sure you're already familiar with the group's [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/zatech/code-of-conduct).
```
